Feat: add the ability to add in additional route properties (#1080)
mercurius-js/mercurius: docs/api/options.md

- `allowBatchedQueries`: Boolean. Flag to control whether to allow batched queries. When `true`, the server supports recieving an array of queries and returns an array of results.

- `compilerOptions`: Object. Configurable options for the graphql-jit compiler. For more details check https://github.com/zalando-incubator/graphql-jit

> - `additionalRouteProps`: Object. Takes similar configuration to the Route Options of Fastify. Usecases include being able to add constraints, modify validation schema, increase the `bodyLimit`, etc. You can read more about the possible values on [fastify.dev's Routes Options](https://fastify.dev/docs/latest/Reference/Routes/#options)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `additionalRouteProps`: Object. Takes similar configuration to the Route Options of Fastify. Use cases include being able to add constraints, modify validation schema, increase the `bodyLimit`, etc. You can read more about the possible values on [fastify.dev's Routes Options](https://fastify.dev/docs/latest/Reference/Routes/#options)
```

I was also thinking, since the right term in the fastify docs is route options, why don't we call it options instead of props?

Author: Makes sense
